d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\APIAutomationTestSuite.dll.config
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\APIAutomationTestSuite.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\APIAutomationTestSuite.pdb
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\BoDi.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\Gherkin.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\Utf8Json.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\Utf8Json.xml
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\obj\Debug\APIAutomationTestSuite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\obj\Debug\APIAutomationTestSuite.dll
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\obj\Debug\APIAutomationTestSuite.pdb
d:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APIAutomationTestSuite\APIAutomationTestSuite\bin\Debug\BoDi.pdb
